Once upon the olden days of the 3rd Era, was brought unto Vvardenfell of Morrowind three - a number of the Aedra - people, two of them strong proud Nords, and the last, a filthy Argonian. Now the names of the Nords were Alkazzar Von Dinklesmurf, and Anzai Doofenheimen. The name of the crusty Argonian shall not be spoken, lest the curse return; for he gave unto us our future powers of The Shroom. The three men, brought to Balmora to be slaves to the pervy Khajjit Ravirr, began their adventures by first escaping their master and shopping, also maybe stealing, from the local smiths and traders. They paid for their goods with the change and rubish left about the city along the walls and the corners, in a way cleaning up the den of flith that it built up. Now when the three lads had gathered, and plotted, and readied themselves, they went and put their kitty cat owner of Ravirr to the eternal sleep. Alkzzar was recorded saying "Kjotin hans kartoflur eru okkar." Although the meaning of his words have been lost to the ages. Then, going to the city of Vivec which still stood at that time, they travered it's many cantons, seeing all of the city's wonders. Their Argonian companion walked along with them, stealing from the merchants along the way, and angering the guards. Now, Alkazzar had left to see Vivec and reach spiritual enlightenment from him, while Anzai went to the Mages Guild. When Alkazzar had returned to them, the archmage was dead at Anzai's feet. Anzai, clad in the archmage's robes and wielding his staff, declared to all of them who were there "Ah ha, nu er eg frabaer toframanur!" Although, once again, their tongue has been lost to time. Then, after many assasins had tried to end their adventures whilst they slept, and of course and the might of Alkazzar and the power of Anzai, and maybe that wierd Argonian fellow, they decided to take it straight to them. You see, Alkzzar, being wise in his age and wisdom, knew that their assasins poured forth from the poison fount of Mournhold. So, making thier way there, and fighting a most skilled warrior within the coves of the sea, and claiming his chestguard, they departed by way of magic teleportation to Mournhold. There in, they made their stay at the Winged Guar Inn. They played in their room with their pillows, making shapes and sizes on their beds. The Argonian also picked a fearsome brawl with one of the other guests in the end, for he wanted his shirt. This almost got them kicked out, but honestly should be expected at this point. Then, after their Argonian friend did impressions of a Khajiit, the Argonian and Anzai went out to battle against one of the retired High Ordinators, because they wanted his coolest man armour. The Argonian went to strike first, and their violent exchange was so great, so terrible, so awing, so glorious, and so idiotic, that time itself trembled. Legends have it, that at a certain strike of the High Ordinator's blade against the mediocre sword of the Argonian, that it broke causing a great emission of shear power, of shear energy, shear retardation, that time itself was shaken and broken; causing the Argonian and the High Ordinator, much like the Dwemer, caused them to vanish into eternal nothingness where they could niether be or not be. Then the poor brothers Alkzzar and Anzai were cast back in their travels to a time before time, before being casted furhter into the time when their adventure had just began. And thus, the Argonian who simply wanted a pair of shiny pantaloons, had caused a Time Break.At this Alkazzar said to Anzia "Manur sem var genveikur, langar an fara til Nyja Himininn er Brun?" Once again, what these words meant have been lost due to the Time Break. Then the young chaps set off, venturing to the city of Ald Ruhn. They were there maybe ten months, trying to recover from their leap back and then foward in time. Whilst their, to honour their departed Argonian buddy, they went to theive from some of the local traders who looked at them funny. But, as if placed by the Aedra and Talos himself, they came across a pair of helmets at the smith whom they may or may not have been stealing from. The helmets were shaped as if mushrooms, and at their touch did they witness a great sight: behold, as if a spirit two persons had come before them. One was as their departed Argonian comrade, and the other like Lord Dagoth Ur. They donned the helmets, and drew their axes, whilst the the Argonian and Dagoth Ur were speaking. Then they jumped the Argonian, murdering the timeless spirit he had become; and from his hide, they fashioned straps for their new Mushroom Heads. During this time, Dagoth Ur fled, but bearing witness to their new birth as The Mushroom-Heads, they went to put an end to him. Lest any man know their weakness. So they traveled from Ald Ruhn, slaying mighter nyx hounds and cliff racers, and beating up the local dark skin population, they came before the Ghostgate. Inside one of it's towers, they found a group of people all wearing armour fashioned from glass, and one of them even wearing a helmet of the Daedra. Alkzzar, having taken a liking to the lighter armors, because he was skilled in arcane wizard powers, and needing room for all of his keys and possibly stolen treasures. For, having gone through time, they collected many artifacts, Anzai even wielding the Hammer of Stendar. So, whilst Alkazzar eradicated the dark skinned men wearing the glass armor, Anzai went about collected their pocket septims and that Daedric Helmet. Also pocked sand. Now, having geared and readied, they half forced the priest at the temple to bless, before ascending Red Mountain. Along the way, many trails and hard-ships faced them; they were tormented by the apparitions of cliff races, the almost unending hordes of brainless darkies, and the spirit of one of their angry ancestors, Ariibar Dulenreb. This spirit, whom they called Rehb for short, called the mountain Rehb Mountain. He was the single most greatest, most dreadful, most shaven, cretin that could stand against them. After taking refuge in one of the ruins along the mountain, and possibly getting lost for three days, Anzai managed to acquire Tsunder, whilst Alkazzar stole Keening, realised how shitty of a weapon it was compared to his enchanted fork, gave it back to the Dagoth whom he took it from. Also, I feel the need to mention, that they retreated from the mountain, made their way to Vivec City once more, and actually broke into Vivec's Palace. You see, in order to wield Tsunder or Keening, one needs the gauntlet Wraithgaurd. Which, by their time in the Time Break, Alkazzar figured out that Vivec, the fallen Tribunal Idol, had it in his possesion. Although, Alkzzar go distracted and went through the sewers looking for a safe place to shit, Anzai battled Vivec. Their fight was so legendary that the very grounds and waters of Vivec City shook and nearly went up out of the sky. Although, this time, there was no Time Break. Anzai, having kept the battle going for many hours, Alkzzar then bolted in full force in his fury, with but one and a half blows with an etheral kitchen knife, struck down Vivec. The impact was so great that Alkazzar almost vanished due to the force. Anzai actually died, but being unable to truely die, fell down from the skies before the temple outside of Vivec's Palace. He did, indeed, stub his toe in the process, causing him great agony. Alkzzar then, through means which cannot be understood by common minds, took wraithgaurd from Vivec's corpse, and returned him to life. Only to strike him down once more, after another hour long battle. Somehow, this created a second Wraithguard for Anzai, even though during the battle Alkzzar gave his Wraithgaurd to Anzai. The shear intellect of these men are glorious. When the emerged from Vivec's Palace, the city was panicking as the gaint rock in the sky was starting to slip. For laughs and slaps, Alkazzar, once again through awing magic and power, made everyone within the giant rock in the sky fall out of it, and taking as his home. Of course, leaving the prisoners as company for Anzai to touch downstairs. Especially the girls. Now being truly armed and ready to destroy Dagoth Ur, and take his place as a god, they went back to Red Mountain. Now, Alkzzar brought some fly boy potions with him and gave two to Anzai. With these, their ascent was made easy as they simply floated up the mountain, then going into the jaws of Dagoth Ur. Making their way then through the seamingly endless halls of Dagoth Ur, because they got lost easily, they made it to the heart of Red Mountain. They clashed as so easily defeated Dagoth Ur, until they entered the Heart Chamber. What happened in there is only known to the Aedra now. At this, they almost retired from their days of long adventures and trials, and escaped to Solstheim. When they arrived Alkzzar said "Leyfnu okkur an verna wolfy hvutti gelta geltir, svo an vin getum syna þeim skitugu breskum urþvaetti a fort hver er stjori." Once again, these words are very mysterious as to what they mean. With semeaningly bad luck, after they had sacked not one but two nordic tombs in the hunt for a wolf man of Hircine, they found that they were in fact immune to the werewolf's sickness, although he still kicked thier asses. Alkazzar would later cry out "o Talos, ekki ulfurinn herrar! Their eru svo sterk, eins og nana er skegg!" Although we know not what he means. Anyways, they made their way back to the fort that they first encountered on the island after their failed attempts at the tombs, and when the moon was risen an army of naked men descended up the fort. Alkazzar and Anzai, being very large brained, realised that these raving, and raping, lunatics could not climb, nor open doors. So they sat and watched as all of the fort descended into chaos and bloodshed. This attack would later be blamed on Hircine and his Blood Moon. Growing tired of their days, they moved into Thirsk Mead Hall, and relaxed, possibly killing the guy who had the wolf boots of speed, and relaxing playing hide and seek phasing out and into reality. Thus, our tale of Alkzzar Von Dinklesmurf, and Anzai Doofenheimen end here; for now.
